updating deno types link (#3220)
denoland/deno: std/manual.md

$ deno types
```

> [This is what the output looks like.](https://gist.github.com/trivikr/1d3f6d157b6b311dedd4661ffade6362)

Reviewer: Question for deno authors: Instead of updating Gist (this one is from https://github.com/denoland/deno/issues/3207#issue-512858920), can you share ideas on how to store output of `deno types` every time a new version is released and link to that instead?

Reviewer 2: You can just link to `cli/js/lib.deno_runtime.d.ts` file. When you run `deno types` it's just outputting contents of that file.

Reviewer: As suggested by @bartlomieju
```suggestion
[This is what the output looks like.](https://github.com/denoland/deno/blob/master/cli/js/lib.deno_runtime.d.ts)
```

## Contributing

> [Style Guide](style_guide.md)

Author: fixing style_guide link in manual.md
